Okay, now we're able to create our store.
What we want to do is let's just
work on the YouTube loader for now.
So the way this works is it's
going to take in that video URL,
it's gonna use the loader.createFromUrl,
parsing the URL.
You can add in some extra options here.
And then we're gonna do
something called load and split.
I'm going to talk about that in a second.
So create YouTube, or what did I call it?
Docs from YouTube video.
Let's do that.
Doc from YouTube video.
Takes in a video.
And then, yeah, I think this is gonna be,
I think this needs to be async,
or does it?
It actually doesn't.
I put async on there, but we're not
doing any 08s in here, so we're good.
So first, we'll make the loader,
which is a non-async thing.
So we can say loader = YouTubeLoader.
And then we can say,
yeah, .createsFromUrl,
which is the video that we parsed in.
We have some extra options here.
We just wanna make sure it's in English,
obviously.
And then I want to add the video
info to the metadata, right?
So remember when we created the documents
on the search, you can add the metadata.
I want to add the video information to
that metadata object so when I get because
eventually what we're going to do
is when this QA system responds,
I want it to respond back with the source.
So I know where it got it from.
It's proof.
It's like citing your work.
I want this system to cite where
it got the information from.
So having this video metadata is helpful.
So I can see that like, yeah,
it came from this YouTube video.
Here's the link, here's the title,
here's the ID, etc, etc.
Otherwise, it sounds like,
how do I know that's accurate?
Where's the source?
Where'd you come up with this?
This is the source.
So the more metadata
here is the more helpful.
And then we want to return
the loader loadAndSplit.
So what does that mean?
Okay, loadAndSplit, so
if you call a load on a loader and
link chain basically,
it will go do the thing.
So in the case of YouTube, it'll go to
YouTube, get the transcripts, load them
up, convert them to those documents that
we have to do manually on the search side.
And then return that,
that's what the loader is gonna do.
The problem is that YouTube transcript is,
I don't know 1000s of tokens.
So imagine if just one if
we made the whole YouTube
transcript one entity,
one thing inside of an index.
That wouldn't scale.
I mean, that could be the whole database,
just that one thing.
So we want to split up the transcript
into different chunks,
right, for a lot of reasons.
The big reason is,
that whole YouTube transcript probably
won't fit in a prompt and GPT.
And the difference between QA and
searches and search,
we didn't have to do a prompt,
we just compared vectors together.
We never actually made a call to open AI,
if you go look at the search beyond
getting the embeds and stuff, but
we never did like a chat completion.
Here we have to do a chat completion.
The only difference is we're saying,
hey, use this information.
Well, if the information is the entire
YouTube script, ChatGPT is like,
I can't, that's too much.
That's too many tokens.
I ran out a token context.
So we have to split it up.
So we have to split that script
up on some part of chunking.
That way when we go do the search,
we only pick the chunk
that has the information needed based
off the query to answer that question.
So it's like, you don't need this whole
transcript just to answer the part where
like, it tells you how
to turn on your Xbox.
All I needed was the part that
tells you how to turn on your Xbox.
That's the one chunk that I needed.
Okay, that's what I'm
gonna send to ChatGPT.
I'm not gonna send a whole PDF just so
GPT can answer the question
on how to turn on your Xbox.
All right, so
I need to chunk it, split it up.
So I'm not sending the whole thing.
So avoid the context limit hit.
Does that make sense?
Okay, so same thing with a YouTube video.
It's just too massive.
So we need to split it.
How you split it?
That's the science is,
it depends on the data.
You just you just got to figure out
the type of data and how you do that.
The way that I did it here is
making a new CharacterTextSplitter.
And for the separator I looked
at the transcript data and
it's not like a story someone wrote so
there isn't like proper punctuation,
it's always gonna be a period and
it ends the space.
So I just decided to split it on a word or
like an empty space like this sounds like,
all right,
split on an empty word basically.
And then what is the chunk size?
So the chunk size is like
how many tokens per chunk?
I played around with this on
this transcript before and
like 2500 seems to be like, big enough
that like there's enough context and
a chunk but not so
small that there's a lot of these chunks.
So I did that.
And then overlap is,
how many tokens should these overlap?
So, let's say I made three
chunks out of this whole thing.
You're not just gonna cut it in three
pieces, you're gonna cut one into a third.
And then like the last 200,
if I put 200 here,
the last 200 of those tokens
at the end of that chunk
are gonna be the first 200 tokens or
the big beginning of the next chunk.
So there's some overlap there.
And then that kind of
helps it search better.
If those things just like cut
off that way, you might cut off
something in the middle of the context
that's needed to answer the question.
So like, imagine it got split right in the
middle of the sentence where it decides to
like teach you how to turn off an Xbox.
So if you said, okay,
how do I turn off an Xbox?
Well, it doesn't actually know the full
way because you split it right on that
part and it only knows part of it,
so it can't give you a right answer.
But if you did a overlap,
it might find that like, I need this chunk
and this chunk to answer this question
because the beginning part
is at the end of this chunk.
And the end part is
the beginning of this chunk.
So combine them together and
then send that.
So it's pretty complicated, but it's
basically we're trying to find a way to
only send the information that's needed
to answer the question and nothing more.
And it's just like a pseudoscience.
So you can play around with these numbers,
but
this is what I found that worked good for
this transcript.
There's probably a better way.
Okay, I guess 100 there.
Let's do 100.
Okay, so we have that.
That's our docs from YouTube.
The next thing, yes.
>> How does our local code know what
chunk to send based on the prompt?
Would that already require some
interpretation of the prompt like running
through a model?
>> You already know how to do this.
This is what is the same process
that the semantic search did.
We're gonna take those chunks,
convert them the vectors.
We're gonna take the question
that someone's asking,
convert that to a vector and we're gonna
find the chunks in the vector database
that most likely sounds similar to
the question vector that you're asking.
And those are the ones we're going
to return to the completion.
So that's what this is for.
That's why I said it's
very similar to searching,
as in we turn everything to vectors.
It's just instead of finding the search
results, we're finding the closest chunks,
and only the chunks that are necessary
to answer this question.
That's basically what we're doing.
Okay, cool.
So let's do the same thing,
but for the PDF.
So we'll say docsFromPDF,
And we'll say a loader is a new PDFLoader
like this and it takes in a path.
In this case, it's just xbox.pdf.
That's on the root of this file.
So I can just type that in.
Okay, and then same thing, loadAndSplit.
I think this one is, this one was
written with intent to be read.
So the punctuation is a little different.
So I can actually just like, I looked
at it and it's like, you can probably
safely split on a period and a space,
which means the sentence is over.
A new sentence is about to start.
So you should never be splitting
in the middle of a sentence.
Whereas like with a transcript,
there was really no good way to do
that because [LAUGH] the punctuation
was just like all over the place.
So like I said, it's, it's always
different depending on the data so
and then loadAndSplit,
you got a new CharacterTextSplitter.
We have a separator,
which I did a period like that and
then chunk size I had 2500 and 200.
So 2500 on this.
It's a lot of data on this PDF actually.
And then chunkOverlap, 200.
Cool, now what we wanna do is
we wanna create our store and
parse in all those docs,
because right now this is going to
create a list of docs,
just like we did on the search.
This is going to create a list of docs,
So, let's parse those in.
And before that,
I'll kind of log them out.
So you can kind of see
what they look like.
I think it'll be interesting.
So let's do that.
So let's make a store loadStore,
that's gonna be async because
we got to await these things.
We can do them in parallel too but
it's not a big deal.
So I'll say, how do I do it here,
videoDocs, pdfDocs.
Okay, so
videoDocs = await docsFromYTVideo,
I parse in the video there.
And then pdfDocs is await
docsFromPDF, like that.
And I'm just going to return,
CreateStore with a new array,
parse in those videoDocs, and
then parse in those pdfDocs.
Order doesn't really matter cuz once they
get inside the store and index and put
on that multidimensional plane, it doesn't
matter what order they are in this array.